# <p align="center"> PORTOFOLIO</p>

# Ruhan Masukuri
ruhanmasykuri@gmail.com

## Bike Sharing
Bike sharing systems are new generation of traditional bike rentals where whole process from membership, rental and return 
back has become automatic. Through these systems, user is able to easily rent a bike from a particular position and return 
back at another position. Currently, there are about over 500 bike-sharing programs around the world which is composed of 
over 500 thousands bicycles. Today, there exists great interest in these systems due to their important role in traffic, 
environmental and health issues. 

Apart from interesting real world applications of bike sharing systems, the characteristics of data being generated by
these systems make them attractive for the research. Opposed to other transport services such as bus or subway, the duration
of travel, departure and arrival position is explicitly recorded in these systems. This feature turns bike sharing system into
a virtual sensor network that can be used for sensing mobility in the city. Hence, it is expected that most of important
events in the city could be detected via monitoring these data.

This project conducts analysis and makes an interactive dashboard of the analysis data. You can access the dataset, analysis, and dashboard through this: 
<details>
  <summary>Expand</summary>
  
  ### [Dataset](https://github.com/hanru789/bike_sharing/tree/main/bike_sharing_dataset)
  ### [Analysis](https://github.com/hanru789/bike_sharing/blob/main/Proyek%20Analisis%20Data.ipynb)
  ### [Dashboard](https://bikesharing-s9xhfypjcgcng7yemj6hpq.streamlit.app/)
</details>

## NFL-Big-Data-Bowl-2025
Ini adalah project data science menggunakan dataset kompetisi NFL Big Data Bowl 2025 yang dapat di download di [kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/competitions/nfl-big-data-bowl-2025/data?select=games.csv).
Dataset ini memiliki 13 file csv yang akan dieksplorasi dan analisa satu persatu dakemudian dilakukan analisa menyeluruh terhadap seluruh file csv tersebut.
<details>
  <summary>Expand</summary>
	
  ### [games.csv](https://github.com/hanru789/NFL-Big-Data-Bowl-2025/blob/main/about-games.ipynb)

	### player_play.csv

	### players.csv

	### plays.csv

	### tracking_week_1.csv

	### tracking_week_2.csv

	### tracking_week_3.csv

	### tracking_week_4.csv

	### tracking_week_5.csv

	### tracking_week_6.csv

	### tracking_week_7.csv

	### tracking_week_8.csv

	### tracking_week_9.csv

	### Conclution
 </details>
